Standard Fixed-length Vector Calling Convention Variant (#418)
riscv-non-isa/riscv-elf-psabi-doc: riscv-elf.adoc

for more detail on how to mangle types. Note that `__bf16` is mangled in the
same way as `std::bfloat16_t`.

=== Name Mangling for Standard Calling Convention Variant

> Function use standard calling convention variant have to append extra ABI tag to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Functions using the standard calling convention variant have to append extra ABI tag to
```

> the function name mangling, the rule are same as the "ABI tags" section in

Reviewer: "rules are the same" or "rule is the same"
